So now let us discuss the performance of the system under the influence of the Man Beijing speech,
fault is not a good thing to happen.
Page fold, increase the memory access time by the CPU.
Why?
It is because of obvious reason that the CPU has to access the disk in order to load or bring back the
required physical page of a process to the main memory.
So C.P.U has to perform, swap out and swap in of a physical page between the disc and the main memory.
So if is the probability of the peaceful occurrence where if P is equal to zero means that there is
no fault at all and if is equal to one means that every memory access attempt by the CPU result in a
page fault.
So there is something called ETTY, which is called effective access time for memory access.
So effective access, time for memory access by the CPU can be computed by the following formula.
Right.
So if P is the probability of default, then one minus P is the probability of not occurrence of a default,
therefore multiply one minus P into memory access time of a system, plus the probability of the fall
into the time taken to service apage fault, not the time taken to serve as a base for intown is an
addition of pitchforked overhead.
Plus swap it out plus swap it in plus restart overhead.
Now restart overhead means that when pitchforked is fully solved and completed, then Sebou has to restart
the instruction which it was executing and resulted in page pitchforked.
So the time taken to restart that particular instruction is called Restart the WHAT so you can compute
effective access time for memory access.
Given P is the probability of default fault in a system by using the following formula, often it is
asked in some written exam to calculate it.
And of course you will be given values of various parameters such as memory, X's time pitchforked overhead
page time, space and time or restart or what.
So quite easy.